SUPER DAVE
1.We all know that the Swiss are officially neutral, unofficially however, they’re filthy
sons of bitches.
2.Remember the old days when tweeting meant stabbing a hooker?
3.Why is there an app for everything, except, how to rape a baby
4.Some gold plated chains would make a nice retirement gift for a very very good 
slave
5.I can prove God exists, if I could just find that damn receipt from our brunch in 
the Hamptons
6.We could nip March madness in the bud if we watch for the warning signs of 
brooding anti social February fever
7.Well this Lindsay Lohan can’t swim a stroke but she sure knows every dive in 
town
8.Call me an old softie, but I’d prefer if you call me a distinguished gentleman with 
a flagging erection. 
9.I remember back when the Harlem Shake was just a black fella holding me 
upside down off a fire escape trying to collect his money
10.Sure junkyard dogs are mean, but the meanest dogs are generally found 
guarding concentration camps. Note: Early version of Jim Croce's 1973 smash hit Bad 
Bad Eeroy Brown included the line “Meaner than a concentration camp dog” but Croce 
decided it was unpleasant to the ear. And it was also offensive to Jews, Gypsies and 
homosexuals. Little did it matter, Croce would be dead within the year. 
11.Deep throat porn legend Harry Reeves died, how are they going to close that 
casket?!
12.Alfred the great may well be the greatest monarch in the history of England - the 
worst? Richard the goat fucker. 
TOM GREEN
13.This Easter Sunday, Snoop Dogg gets to say “Christ is rizzezen”
14.We wear new clothes on Easter to represent Christ's triumphant appearance to 
the stunned Apostles, in a sharp 2 button blazer by Hugo Boss. 
15.The guy who did the voice of Charlie Brown was arrested for stalking his 
girlfriend this week. He also said the next time Lucy grabs away the football, he's going 
to “cut that bitch”
16.President Obama continues to shamelessly wage class warfare. Today he 
announced a steep new tax on shiny top hats.
17.Some folks say what this country needs is a good five cent cigar. I’m guessing 
they're opposing obamacare. 
18.I don't know if this counts as an NCAA cinderella story, but one of the marquette 
players said he had help making his uniform, from a bunch of singing mice and birds. 
19.I read a story about 17 year old kid who stole a plane, crashed it, and survived. 
Why don’t we make the whole plane out of that kid?
20.Warning to the Easter bunny, don't put all your eggs in one basket fella. 
21.They say the world's a smaller place than it used to be, but I think that’s an 
optical illusion, based on me becoming a big fat guy. 
22.Growing up, I never would have believed that one day I’d need a computer just to
masterbate. 23.Jon Hamm has a big dick. I could have told you that but I don't suck and tell. 
24.Swedish Bond girl Britt Ekland told Piers Morgan this week that she was seduced
by Warren Beatty after the legendary lothario took her to an x rated movie for their first 
date. This is what I have to say about that “Hey Warren, stop stealing my moves!”
25.Thomas Edison invented the lightbulb, but I invented the lightbulb up my ass.
26.Octomom is facing jail time for committing welfare fraud. Who didn't see that one 
coming. I mean seriously, a single mother of 8!
27.I am not a big fan of video games where you can  not kill a prostitute. 
28.The thing I miss most about the 70s is rolling a number and giving my old lady 
some head. 
29.Celebrating April 1st birthdays, Russian pianist Sergei Romanov, who was born 
on this day in 1872, rapper Method Man is 41, Debbie Reynolds turns 80 today, Rachel 
Maddow is 39, and former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt would have been 95 
today. April Fools! Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt is alive and well! 
30.I love Lou Gehrig, but I’m not going to stand up in front of a million people and 
brag that I'm the luckiest man in the world because some doctors named a disease after 
me. Confidence is one thing, but arrogance is the worst disease of them all. 
31.One day in the hopefully not too distant future, North Korean dictator Kim Jong 
Un is going to hear a loud popping sound. The sound of his head coming out of his own 
ass!
32.A Miami Florida pimp is in custody after forcing a 13 year old prostitute to have 
his name tattooed on her eyelids when she threatened to run away from him. Roman 
Thomas The 3rd faces charges of human traffic, false imprisonment, lewd and lascivious
exhibition, and delivery of a controlled substance to a child. You know the scriptures say 
“judge not lest ye be judged” but I’m just going to come out and say it. This “Roman 
Thomas the 3rd guy” this guy's a real jerk
33.I used to think revenge was a dish best served cold, but then I realized it meant, 
getting back at somebody. 
34.Hey news media, leave Kim Kardashian alone, will you? She's pregnant of 
course she's going to gain weight and if anyone knows about rapid weight gain it's me. I 
went to see the doctor about it and he told me to open my mouth and say OINK!
35.I think enough time has passed since 1947 where I can safely admit it. I wish I 
was the guy that finally wiped the annoying smirk off the Black Dahlia's face. 
36.Music is the universal language, but one day soon it will be replaced by Chinese. 
37.I feel the same way about slaves as I do about shirts with flame patterns on 
them. I don't want to be friends with anyone who owns either of them. 
38.Mickey Mantle knew two things, drinking, and playing drunk baseball. 
39.Why doesn't applebee's call their appetizers appletizers? And why doesn’t that 
waitress I met at TGI Fridays ever call me back. 
40.This administration is cutting back drastically on military spending but doesn’t 
think defense capabilities will be comprised? How so? I’ll tell you how so! Groupons
41. A world wide scientific study confirms a long held suspicion; no one anywhere 
likes drum circles. 
42.Justin bieber's monkey has been quarantined, which reminds us how far we’ve 
come since headlines about Pearl Harbor and D-Day. 43.In the coffee shop line today I hear the guy behind me say “I like to start by biting 
the ears off” and I had to pray “Please god let him be talking about a chocolate Easter 
bunny” 
44.Earlier this week Aaron Jackson of Topeka Kansas painted his house the colors 
of the gay pride rainbow flag in direct protest of the Westboro Baptist Church. When that 
didn’t seem to work, Jackson fucked 3 of his best buds on his front lawn. 
45.Chipotle has canceled its planned sponsorship of the Utah Boy Scout event due 
to the BSA's ban on gay leaders and scouts. Ironic how an all male anti-gay organization
would want to put hot thick loads of beef and sour cream in their mouth. 
46.Former Tennessee Titans cheerleader Elizabeth Leigh Garner is accused of 
pulling a 12 year old boy pants off and offering him oral sex. The boy refused her 
advance, not because he was 12 but because he was a diehard Colts fan. 
Fred Stoller
47.Former pornstar Jenna Jameson was arrested this weekend after allegedly 
assaulting someone. This may be the most damaging to happen to her image since a 60
year career in pornography. 
48.Why did the moron throw the clock out the window? Because it reminded him of 
Richard Clock - the man convicted of knife raping his wife. ( Link) 
49.Veterinarians in Colorado have reported that marijuana use is on the rise among 
dogs. They say you will know if your dog is too high if it starts making a really tall 
sandwich. 
50.My doctor told me I should start juicing you know? The problem is I don’t think he
meant ham juice. 
51.I’m so fat when I get my shoes shined I have to take the boot blacks word for it. 
52.Porn actor Ron Jeremy is back at work after having open heart surgery. The 
name of his next feature is called “I’m going to have to sit down for most of this”
53.Dance like nobody's watching. Sing like nobody's listening. Love like you’ve 
never been hurt. And fuck like a goddamn retard. 
54.How many polish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb. The question can not 
be answered because polish people are so fucking stupid that no matter how many of 
them are available none of them would ever be able to complete that simple task. 
55.How many comedians does it take to screw in a lightbulb. One to do it, and the 
other guy to go “How long’s he been up there?”
56.My Brother in Law is so stupid he came up with a bucket list. Know what the first 
thing on his bucket list was? Committing suicide. 
57.Have you heard about the 4 NFL players that are coming out of the closet? It's 
about time I think. I think it's high time. Because isn't it strange that nobody’s come out of
closet in an entire sport of football? Where there's 2000+ players. So there's a great deal
of speculation on who the 4 Gay players will be. nobody knows. My guess it's those 4 
that are always sucking each others cocks. 
58.Because of droughts all over Europe, scientists are predicting a global shortage 
of olive oil. Soon the world will know the way the way Popeye felt after the death of his 
wife. 
59.It takes forever to get a pilot's license, but it only takes a couple of minutes to 
steal a pilot’s jacket and hat. 60.Barbara Walters is planning to announce her retirement, what's next for Babs? 
Death.
BILLY BOB THORNTON
61.I think there's nothing cooler than being a lone wolf. Except at wolf picnics when 
you don't have a partner for the wolf wheelbarrow races. 
62.The Octomom has reportedly been evicted from her california home. The mother 
of 13 children packed up and left her property in palmdale after being asked to leave for 
not paying her rent for the month of april. The single parent whose real name is Nadya 
Suleman exited leaving a huge mess and the stench of urine inside the pad. Wait it says 
here the urine has been traced back to Adam Eget. 
63.Call me crazy, but I take orders from martians who send secret message beamed
out from the antenna at the top of the Empire State Building. 
64.A Georgia high school is planning to merge their formerly all black and all white 
proms into a single event. The theme of this June's dance? An evening of unbridled race
war. 
65.A florida man was arrested for stealing $76,000 worth of campbell's soup. I for 
one hope this guy goes away for mm mm good. 
66.My girlfriend and I have a deal where we have 1 celebrity that we can sleep with 
and it's not considered cheating. Mine is that woman who plays Madea. 
67.In kansas a Gay rights activist named Aaron Jackson payed $83,000 to buy a 
house across from the homophobic Westboro Baptist Church, and had it painted 
rainbow colors. Mr. Jackson plans to recoup his investment by, well actually there's no 
plan. Have fun living in a hideous house in Kansas across from some vicious bigots.
68.Its earth day! The one day of the year where you can jerk off outside and nothing 
bad can happen. 
69.A new study shows that most men can identify a gay man by his face alone. It’s 
his face that's buried in another mans asshole. 
LARRY KING
70.Apparently someone in germany stole 5 metric tons of nutella. Police haven’t 
arrested anyone yet but they are questioning Gunter Funhog, the 700 pound man that 
smells like chocolate and hazelnuts who guards the Nutella storage facility. I love the 
movie 42. It’s Chadwick Boseman like you've never seen him before. 
71.There's no wrong way to eat a reese's. Says the guy who didn’t shove a bunch of
reese's up his ass. 
72.Amanda Bynes is a lush blonde who’s quickly turning into a blonde lush. 
73.Have you heard about this thing where people make up porn star names? They 
take their childhood pet's name, and then they combine it with their street name. So 
anyways, mine would be dick fuckington. 
74.College Freshman Scott Dameron set a new world record by using his head to 
bust 142 eggs and he now officially holds a place in the Guinness Book of Fucking 
Retards. 
75.If you were a Russian prostitute on a date with cereal killer Andrei Chikatilo AKA 
The Rostov Ripper, and he couldn’t achieve an erection, that was not your lucky day. 
76.The Al Qaeda online magazine “Inspire” has a recipe for a homemade bomb. 
They also have a recipe for a pretty darn good peach cobbler. 77.You know my clothes make me look slimmer. But they didn’t fool that flight of 
stairs that collapsed under my astonishing new girth. 
78.I loved Liberace, but with all due respect man, if you kicked that guy in the ass, 
100 cocks would fall out. 
KEVIN NEALON
79.Fast and Furious 6 opens next week. The cast is getting a little older, it’s less fast
and furious and more “Brisk and peeved”
80.A good name for a dog is syndrome. Then when he tries to attack  someone you 
can yell “Down Syndrome!” 
81.I’ve never gotten a decent explanation as to how Popeye the Sailor Man lost his 
eye. 
82.In my opinion if we are going to fight the war on terror, a good place to start 
would be our country’s haunted houses. 
83.ZZ Top sang that every girl's crazy bout a sharp dressed man. But you know 
what they're not crazy about? Gross long beards. 
84.Movie star and award winning director Ben Affleck has vowed to live one day on 
$1.50 or as Adam Eget calls it “a raise” 
85.In England a woman was arrested for throwing a birthday party for her 16 year 
old Son that involved marijuana, alcohol and strippers. Now she’s got an even bigger 
problem, what to do for his 17th birthday. 
86.Horses must love that they're the go-to animals when saying a guy has a huge 
cock. I bet giraffes have huge cocks, I’m sure of it. But let's face it, no one's ever going 
to say “That guy’s hung like a giraffe” unless his cock is yellow and has brown spots on 
it. In which case who cares how big his fucking cock is, he has weeks to live. 
87.Tomorrow is national secretary's day, I plan on getting my secretary the same 
thing i always do. A big fat goosing. 
88.Remember the good old days back when MILF stood for Mentally Ill Lady I'd like 
to fuck
89.Tim Tebow's time in New York wasn't a total loss, he had a monument built to him
in central park. A bench. 
90.Catherine Zeta Jones has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Half the time 
she's Zeta, half the time she's Jones.
91.A new tabloid rumor 205 pound Kim Kardashian might be getting paid to gain 
weight. By some weight loss program or reality show that will then get her to lose weight.
I have a similar deal, only I paid them, and by them I mean Zankou Chicken. And in 
exchange they give me some Zankou Chicken. 
92.Cats and paraplegics have a lot in common. For starters, neither appreciates 
getting thrown into your pool. 
93.They say there's no people like show people, but now scientists have found that 
show people are genetically leaked to the Laplanders, and the Finns. 
THAT GUY FROM THE BIG BANG THEORY
94.Despite all the advances in veterinary medicine and racing technology the 
Kentucky Derby record set by Secretariat still stands, the reason? Today's horses are 
total pussies. 
95.Jah Rule’s taxes are just like his music. No one can remember the last time he 
released anything. 96.Catherine Zeta Jones admitted she is bipolar, half the time she is deliriously 
happy, and the other half she has to suck an old mans cock. 
97.If tampons are called sanitary napkins, how unsanitary must regular napkins be?
98.Scientists have found a submerged mass of granite off the coast of south 
america that they are calling the Brazilian atlantis. Damnit, I want to be called the 
Brazilian atlantis. 
99.Crews in Ohio dismantled a tavern wall in search of Jimmy Hoffa's body, and 
sure enough, they found the inside of a tavern wall.  
100.I once missed a day of Cosmetology school and later I had to make up 
class. 
101.The Dalai Lama said that killing in the name of religion is unthinkable. 
Hey thanks Dalai Lama, I’m sure everybody will fucking listen to you. 
102.Yesterday was bring your daughter to work day, which was awkward for 
Adam Eget. Do you know how hard it is to fuck a whore with her kid on the edge of the 
bed playing Nintendo?
103.I like hotels, they make your bed, make your dinner, send housekeepers 
up to watch you masterbate, its a dream.
104.The parents of Honeybooboo are getting married this week. I don’t know 
what any of that means but it sounds fucking retarded. 
105.Recent studies show fish can communicate with each other using s
(Content truncated due to size limit. Use page ranges or line ranges to read remaining content)